This is the instruction file that will help the back-end developers to connect 
with the front end. Please follow each step carefully. All the files are in
MCQ folder.

Security issue for the page will be provided by the front end developers for 
each page and the back-end developers need not worry about it.

1. add-a-chap.php:
Nothing to do in this file.

2. add-a-chap2.php:
This file contains the name of the new chapter which is to be added
to the database. Please open the file to get more information.

3. add-a-chap3.php:
Nothing to do with this file. This file simply display "chapter 
has been added successfully".

4. del-a-chap.php:
This file displays the chapter's name in the database to the user so that
the user can select the chapter to delete. Please read all the comments and
then do the needful changes.

5.del-a-chap2.php:
This chapter actually deletes the chapter from the database. Please read
the commented lines and then proceed.

6.del-a-chap3.php:
This simply displays that the chapter has been deleted. No need to 
modify this file.

7.add-a-ques.php:
This will take the problem statement and option from user. Please see the
commented area to display the chapter's name. Instruction is provided in the 
comments

8.add-a-ques2.php
This actually adds the question to the database. Please read the comments.

9.add-a-ques3.php:
Simply display that the question has been added successfully. No need to modify this file.

10.mod-a-ques.php:
This file takes the chapter name from a database and then diaplays it. The user
selects the desired chapter and then it redirects 
it to mod-a-ques2.php. Please jump directly to else part and follow the comments.

11.mod-a-ques2.php:
Displays questions of a particular chapter.Please jump directly to else part and follow the comments.

12.mod-a-ques3.php
Displays the selected question from "mod-a-ques2.php". Please jump directly to else part and follow the comments.

13.mod-a-ques4.php:
The database is updated here. Please jump directly to else part and follow the comments.

14.mod-a-ques4.php:
Simply displays that update has been successfull. No need to make any change.

15.resetpsswd.php:
No need to make any changes in it. This simply takes the username of the account whose password has to be changed.

16.pssw.php:
This is the file where password has to be updated in the database. Please see the comments to get more details. Set the new password to "12345678"

17.student-dashboard.php:
This page has the start button which will begin the test. Please read the comments and 
make necessary changes. If the student has already submitted the test or if no pending 
test is present then the button will be disabled, hence the student will not be allowed 
to take the test.

18.student-test-begin:
When a student clicks on "start test" then this page is called. Here generate all the 
questions and store it in database. This questions will be displayed in the next page.

19.workpg.php:
This is the main page. Students will give the test here. Put all the questions here
as mentioned in the comments.

20.save-opt.php:
Here the options are saved to the database. Please read the comments. If the student has 
not submitted then it redirects back to "workpg.php" where the student can resume its 
text else it is redirected to "test-end.php".

21.test-end.php:
Simply displays test is over. No need to make any changes in it.

22.del-a-ques.php:
This file takes the chapter name from a database and then diaplays it. The user
selects the desired chapter and then it redirects 
it to del-a-ques2.php. Please jump directly to else part and follow the comments.

23.del-a-ques2.php:
Displays questions of a particular chapter.Please jump directly to else part and follow the comments.

24.del-a-ques3.php
Displays the selected question from "del-a-ques2.php". Please jump directly to else part and follow the comments.

25.del-a-ques4.php:
The database is updated here. Please jump directly to else part and follow the comments.

26.del-a-ques4.php:
Simply displays that update has been successfull. No need to make any change in this 
file.

27.test-dashboard.php:
This file takes input from the user of what he wants to do, either create a new test, or 
begin a test or end a test.

28.test-dashboard-create.php:
This will take input from user of date, no of questions, the chapters to include for the 
test. Please provide the newly test id generated in this file.

29.test-dashboard-create2.php:
This actually makes changes to the database to create a test. Please follow the 
comments.

30.test-dashboard-create3.php:
Simply displays that the test has been created successfully. No need to modify this 
file.

31.test-dashboard-start.php:
This file displays all the created test id. Simply take all the test id that has not 
been ended and  display it. Please read the comments for more info.

32.test-dashboard-start2.php:
Make necessary changes to the database to start the test. Please read the comments.

33.test-dashboard-start3.php:
Simply displays that the test has been started. No need to make any changes in this file.

34.test-dashboard-end.php:
This file displays the test id that is running. Simply take all the test id that is
running and  display it. Please read the comments for more info.

35.test-dashboard-end2.php:
Make necessary changes to the database to end the test. Please read the comments.

36.test-dashboard-end3.php:
Simply displays that the test has been ended. No need to make any changes in this file.

37.View-result.php:
Takes the input of which test's result has to be displayed.
Simply displays all the test's id that has been ended.

38.view-result2.php:
Shows the description of the test. user can change if the test doesnot
matches. Please read the commented section.

39.view-result3.php:
diaplays the result of all the student.

40.view-result4.php:
Displays the answer script of individual student of the selected test.

41.createaccount2.html:
This takes the information regarding the new account to be created.
No need to modify this file.

42.create2.php:
This makes changes to the database regarding the new account.

43.create3.html:
Simply displays that the new account has been created.


-------------------------****---------------------------****------------------------------------


44.test-dashboard-view.php:
The main objective is to show the teacher all the students who are undertaking the test.
This simply displays the test that is running. Please donot modify this file.

45.test-dashboard-view2.php:
Displays the description of the test. No need to modify this file.

46.test-dashboard-view3.php:
Displays the students undertaking the test. No need to modify this file.

47.logout-student.php:
Simply logs out the student. Proceed to the else part directly.

48.logout-student.php:
Simply logs out the teacher. Proceed to the else part directly.
